added portkey to list.md (#953)
crweiner/hacktoberfest-swag-list: docs/list.md

    - [Side quests and challenges](https://oss.gg/)
- **Notes**: Read [oss.gg](https://oss.gg/) for more information.

### P

#### **Portkey**

> - **Swag**: AirPods Pro (2nd generation) and a Portkey AI Swag Box with T-shirts and more!
> - **Requirements**:
>     - 2+ successfull contributions: Portkey AI Swag Box with T-shirts and more
>     - Top contributors: A pair of AirPods Pro (2nd Generation)
> - **How to sign up**: No signup needed
> - **Issues**: Look for issues [tagged for hacktober fest](https://github.com/Portkey-AI/gateway/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Ahacktoberfest)
> - **Notes**: visit [Portkey blog](https://portkey.ai/blog/portkey-hacktoberfest-24/) for more information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Swag**: AirPods Pro (2nd generation), Portkey AI Swag Box, T-shirts and more.
- **Requirements**:
    - Make 2+ successful contributions to win a Portkey AI Swag Box with T-shirts and more.
    - Top contributors will win a pair of AirPods Pro (2nd Generation).
- **How to sign up**: No signup needed
- **Issues**: Issues [tagged with hacktoberfest](https://github.com/Portkey-AI/gateway/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Ahacktoberfest) label.
- **Notes**: Visit [Portkey blog](https://portkey.ai/blog/portkey-hacktoberfest-24/) for more information.
```
